Market Outlook:
Blowing bubbles?
We expect risky assets to outperform in 2026 amid an AI boom, easing fiscal and monetary policies and abating trade tensions. Gains are expected to be accompanied by greater dispersion, resulting in our preference to diversify across a wider range of asset classes centred around three key themes. Theme #1 – Equities: Inflating markets, inflating AI debate. We expect strong AI-driven earnings growth to overcome elevated valuations, but it is time to diversify. Theme #2 – Income: Emerging Markets to trump Developed Market bonds. Emerging Market (USD and local currency) bonds offer attractive yields and diversification from a Fed-centric outlook. Theme #3 – Diversifiers: Chasing glitter. Gold to extend gains in 2026, but alternative strategies and currencies like JPY and CNH are key to diversification.
Our core views
Equities: How do we square the circle between falling Q1 earnings and the equity market rally?
Equities
We remain constructive on equities in 2026 and expect markets to push higher through the year driven by earnings growth, led by the US and Asia ex-Japan. We see support for equities continuing as a result of (i) persistence of the ‘AI theme’, (ii) Fed rate cuts, and (iii) a weak USD. We upgrade Indian equities to Overweight, on the back of a recovery in earnings, and remain Overweight Chinese equities, with a preference for offshore markets.
Bonds: What is the impact of the Fed's bond buying plan on the High Yield bond market?

Bonds
We view global bonds as a core holding, with a relative preference for government bonds over corporate bonds given still-attractive nominal yields, which stands out against expensive corporate bond valuations. We are Overweight Emerging Market (EM) bonds, denominated in both USD and local currency, driven by expectations of dovish monetary policy settings, fiscal improvements and a weak USD. In the US, we see US 10-year government bond yields above 4.25% as attractive since we expect it to ease to the 3.75%- 4.00% range over the next 6-12 months.
FX: Is it time to buy Emerging Market currencies?

Currencies
We expect the US Dollar index (DXY) to peak around 100.5 over the next three months. The Fed’s upbeat growth forecasts amid expectations of stable employment and sustained disinflation has kept the Fed cautious about signalling an aggressive policy-easing path in the near term. Over a 12-month horizon, we expect USD weakness to re-emerge as the Fed cuts rates further, pushing the USD index towards 96. We see fading structural support for the USD as US yield differentials narrow steadily against other major economies.
To find out more, please visit the URL below.
Subscribe and follow us to get the latest market insights
Read
Latest house views across asset classes on Market Views on-the-go via our webpage, Facebook and LinkedIn
Watch
Latest market views videos on Standard Chartered Wealth Insights via YouTube
Listen
Latest market insights podcasts on Standard Chartered Money Insights via Spotify, Apple and Google

To discuss these insights further, please contact your dedicated Relationship Manager, Tan Wee Lee, via My RM available on the SC Mobile Banking App or Online Banking on ‍Mo‌nday to ‍Fr‌iday from 9‌ a‌.m. to 6‌ p‌.m.